Ah, what are you talking about?
Nothing.
Just remembered something
An old friend
A certain family has businesses all over the world
If we can take
Weili International's overseas channels
It's a big hit
At that time, no one in the Shangguan family will question you
I'll see my face later
Don't talk nonsense
Listen to you
Hello, is that Miss Shangguan?
Well please come with me
Excuse me?
Mr. Davis ordered him to see Miss Shangguan only
The rest of you just wait outside
Then you wait outside first.
I'll be right back. Okay.
Hello, Mr. Davis.
Beautiful Miss Shangguan
I can see that you are very punctual.
Our Shangguan family attaches great importance to this cooperation.
This is the project plan
If there are no problems, let's start.
Sorry to inform you now.
Shangguan Xiaojie
But we cooperate
Can't go on. What?